Feat: Change x-powered-by -> x-using (#1215)
wpengine/faustjs: .changeset/loud-jars-compare.md

---
'@faustwp/core': patch
---

> Add x-faust-version which replaces x-using header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added new header, `x-using: faust`. This replaces the previous header, `x-powered-by: Faust`, as it was being overwritten by various server hosts.
```
